6A) Describe in words how the number of expanded states compares for UCS and A* 
    with each of the two different heuristics.
        The UCS search expanded significantly more states than both of the A* searches. 
        A* with the Manhattan distance heuristic also produced less than or equal to A* with Misplaced Tiles heuristic

6B)	Explain why the number of expanded states varies among those three searches 
    in the way you observed in your answer to 6A.
        The number of expanded states varies between A* with manhattin and A*with Misplaced Tiles as Manhattin distance is a much better heuristic. 
        UCS on the other hand is just much less efficient. 

6C) Describe in words how the number of expanded states compares for Iterative Deepening 
    and IDA* with each of the two different heuristics.
        Iterative Deepening expanded more states than both IDA* searches
        Both IDA* were similar at low solutions, though the search with a better heuristic was less as the solutions got higher
	
6D) Explain why the number of expanded states varies among those three searches 
    in the way you observed in your answer to 6C. 
        Similar to 6C, the number of expanded states varies between IDA* with manhattin and IDA*with Misplaced Tiles as Manhattin distance is a much better heuristic. 
        ID on the other hand is just much less efficient than the IDA* search.

6E) How does the iterative deepening and IDA* variations compare to UCS and the A* variations
    in number of expanded states? 
        Overall, A* and IDA* with Manhattan distance performed the best. 
        The worst were Iterative Deepening, followed by UCS. 
        The A* and IDA* with Misplaced Tiles heuristic were both fine, however they were out performed by Manhattan distance

6F) Describe the memory usage (max states in memory) that you observed for UCS, and the
    two variations of A*.
        Similar to the expanded states in the first question, UCS used the most memory while the two A*s were much better 
	
6G) Describe the relative memory usage (max states in memory) that you observed for Iterative Deepening 
    and IDA* with the two different heuristics.
        For all 3 of the searches, they have the same memory usage!
	
6H) Explain the memory usage that you observed for the three iterative deepening algorithms (IDA* and ID) 
    versus the others (UCS and A*).
        All three of the ID searches have the same memory useage, as they all only store only the nodes in the current path.
        A* on the other hand stores the unexplored nodes, which adds up quickly. 